well this is the last I think no yeah
This is going to be the last and now we're leaving
eh tremendous character the wild boar this eh I
mean tremendous character obsessed sick
with me
eh tremendous tremendous obsessed character
eh part of lying for basically
hours and hours with a bunch of people you
were already seeing that the other day Gibel
ate it but really good okay but he
ate it but he took it where he
wanted really good okay it doesn't hurt him
either a little cardio okay And
he took it and said come to bed Come to
bed that I'm going to give it to you here,
there and there okay quasten ridiculous one
pass one more time always I haven't done you
yet what I have to tell you one
thing I will tell you but I haven't done it
yet because my head is in a thousand
more important things I have a lot of
content eh And my job is not
you but it's the same with everyone
dude it's the same with everything and also you get
very involved in your role very put as
if you were someone a fan and really
Uncle once again the one who pap you gubel uncle
that you
paper this has already seemed very easy
to teach you one more this is very easy
to teach you because it took 3 seconds
to teach you how to lie
please listen to what it says here
sentence 15 months there you have it there all
the noas
if you don't want to read it it's not my fault it's
my fault I'm asking you
sweetheart that you're the one who's
asking me to say tell me for according to a Have a
good time Wait wait we're talking about
Cristina's sentence continued okay What is
the sentence Why is it the sentence
explain to me why is the
sentence the wild boar can't Even breathe
when he tells me things it's not my fault for
spreading a video and humiliations to
minors for spreading a video and such and
such he says if the press put it on
the media put it on
everywhere that's what I was going for okay yes what
the wild boar says that yes the that if the
press puts it on it's that it's true everything
the press says is worth the press what it
says or said about Cristina's sentence
continued Well they were already condemning her
before the trial they were already asking for
4 years in prison for spreading the video
of some minors being abused, that is to say your friend
laser len, I think he apologized, in
fact I think he apologized because your
friend laser len also said that
Cristina spread the video of some
girls who were being abused, no, it's
clear they weren't girls who had
suffered an altercation, no, I don't remember if it
was abuse, an assault, I don't know what it
was, okay, but of course not, Cristina did not
spread the video of the assault,
Cristina, what she spread, okay, on
her networks, what she shared on her Twitter
was a click that was already circulating on
Facebook in a lot of places of a
live broadcast of the girls and I'm not going to go into
what they were saying, okay, not
for spreading the video, it
's not good, well, you
go here to the country, 15 months in prison
for Cristina seguip, co-founder of vox,
for spreading a video of two minors being
raped, okay, the next one in the Diario
del Derecho confirms the 15-
month prison sentence for  Cristina Segui for
spreading the video of the
raped minors the next one is sentenced to
Cristina Segui for spreading a video of
some minors Victims of a
gang rape the next one sentenced to 15 months
in prison Cristina Segui for
spreading the video of minors from Ujar sot
the public conf breathe balls
15 month prison sentence for the former leader of
Vox Cristina Segui for spreading a video
of two minors Victims of
sexual assault that simple I hope
Cristina reports you eh I hope
Cristina reports you
Because although there was a first conviction
that was never for spreading a video of
the assault okay
Eh there is another conviction that is now being
appealed in the Supreme Court And the
appealed conviction is for
harassment okay because Cristina's opinion
to me sincerely Well I'll
save my opinions but for a
conviction, well, Cristina's opinion,
the truth is that within it, it was a
media issue, it was one thing, it didn't
seem to me that she said one thing but
well, now it's  will argue Because it is
also appealed but never Cristina
is not convicted of spreading the video
as it happens that would be revelation of
secrets not dissemination I do not know of something
illegal violation of privacy
Cristina is not convicted of that Ah
the press says it
Ah the one with the knife said that I had a complaint
or that I was going to be reported for
accusing Miare of a crime of misappropriation that's what
the one with the
knife said and that I did not know how to differentiate
between one dog and
another he read everything except the sentence because it
is not from Dalas nor is it from Javi Oliveira
then that one does not reach him just as
the blood does not reach the brain nor the
oxygen through the nose neither do
the sentences that he talks about reach him man
Why do you get involved not even to contradict me
in something that you do not know man and
now win a lawsuit, a complaint or
something now he will send him a right to
rectification make fun of eh it will be
funny for the four monkeys that
follow him man How eager for
the Mexicans to find out that they have caught you now
as if they do not know you and they follow you  of the
cador that you are a liar mythomaniac trust
yourself such a serious thing man and luck there it
is already for your dick and I still haven't
told you everything I have to tell you I
have to tell you some things eh be a
kiss is this guy stupid or do they pay him
a Guideline in the traditional media I do
n't know why Cristina didn't start
sending the right to rectification to each and
every one of these media okay I
imagine it's because she has her head in
other things I already Well it depends on the
medium it
is because you can't be you
know but that's it their balls
Dude says no I'll deny this in 30
seconds Source The
headlines that also the headlines will be
from the first
instance Look at the date look when you
're talking about a judicial issue man be
professional no you don't want to live off this you
don't want to make a living off this it's already
happened to you with a judge that I don't know what I don't
know how much a supposed prosecutor who didn't
exist the other day by the [ __ ]
balls we put you here Hey I want the
thread of javel wig not super
involved with the lies of the
savannah the other day well I  Now I want
a scintilla of lies from this
boar, not the national prosecutor B, not I mean,
super super aware of
lies Oh poor thing, not
when you talk about a legal issue,
man, about a matter of a sentence Look at
the date because there may be a second
instance,
man When I see it I'm not going to
believe it I was supposed to find this
funny, no, that was the point
No, but nevertheless what he says is and
vexations,
[ __ ], not for spreading the video, it's not, no,
for spreading a video, it's not good, well,
with everything, you imagine, well, with
everything, well, with everything, you said it, son,
but well, the sentence to which we have
had access says this in its
operative part, sentence in its part says
we first partially estimate the
appeal filed by
Cristina Segu's attorney against
her, partially revoke the aforementioned
resolution, acquit the accused
Cristina Segu of the crime of
discovery, disclosure of secrets,
declaring ex officio half of the
procedural costs incurred in the
instance, maintaining the
appealed sentence in the terms in which it was
issued as for the rest  of the
statements contained therein I'm
going to put you back to the revelation
of the secret okay I understand that they have
the earphones Here very tight not in
that heap and I understand that the sound will
reach you okay the air no but sound I understand that it will
reach you declaring ex
officio half of the things expressed
resolution to acquit the accused what it
means to acquit no not to acquit the
coca-cola and the monster absolve okay
absolve she is acquitted they acquit her of that
crime okay estin to continue the crime of
discovery regulation of secrets
declaring ex officio half of the
procedural costs incurred in the
instance maintaining the
appealed sentence in the terms in which it was
issued as for the rest of the
statements
contained therein what does this mean that
when the press says
this or says this or says this or says this it
is lying Cristina segu was
acquitted of revelation of secrets
therefore no but it is that apart from what we
clarified in the debate no the other day
no we did not clarify it in the debate the other
day they
condemned her for spreading that video of
the Minors in which they themselves
say that they are going to become famous that they are going to
go on TV etcetera etcetera
Sorry tod I do not
accept where the hell is the block button on
WhatsApp where the hell is the
block button on WhatsApp they do not condemn him for
the diffusion of that video Therefore the
press
lies during these days ra
apparently had an arrest in the United States
or something like that where he was imprisoned and I don't
know apparently apparently raay He had an
arrest or something like that eh or something like that
this Wilson Why do you put Wilson on us Do
n't you all know who
Wilson is Why don't you put him on apparently
the file the photo of the file the
photo and the police file were out there
but as at that moment raed had already
fought with Dallas well no I'm not
clear apparently if at that moment
RAE had continued talking to
Dallas then I would have found out
apparently about what
happened to him during these days ra
apparently had an arrest in the United States
or something like that where he was imprisoned and I don't
know what stories are worth And as always the
people are directly more false than  there are
within this platform they were
laughing making memes taking
pictures of him mocking his arrest
a thousand and one times saying that you were
saying so much about Dallas and the first one
that ends up arrested and imprisoned is you
and and the lie and the
lie I don't know that I don't know how many and
making all the mockery and memes
towards the figure of raed token Ah now
those same people who are more false
directly than a three peseta hard
or a three peseta coin rather
take it and start telling you that
RAE is now not in the pota stat of
laughing at What happened to Frank and
look your faces are on the [ __ ] floor
Ah okay I mean your faces are on the
[ __ ] floor because I'm not going to be
happy about what happened to Frank and
I'm not going to get well over what
happened to raed token If
things happen to people because they do things Well let
the law decide And if in the end it's
unfair or not well let the law decide
too that's what the law is for if you
hit yourself  a [ __ ] year being an [ __ ]
inventing crimes of a person
saying that they can't enter Andorra
because the police stations close at 3 in
the afternoon and in the morning they can't enter
Andorra and that kind of nonsense and that you
have sent hitmen to Delo and that you have
sent hitmen to Serene And suddenly they
put you in jail for threatening
someone with death How the [ __ ] are you not going
to
laugh your ass off attacking r token
for guy it doesn't matter or whatever it is
against us they know the position is
the opposite but in whatever it is they don't
say Hey well I don't know what Hey well I don't know no no no no it doesn't matter
whatever and it's
ah like that the one who can't Not even grandpa did I find
out that you went to jail and that's why you
couldn't criticize him about raed XD By the
way whale already stop with those crappy memes
We agree factor factor has it been
understood or has it not been understood
I laugh more with raed's police photo
eh but the guy the guy super involved in
super shape eh super
indignant al  land in Funchal I want
good news pun kisses man I'm
telling you I hope I hope so man it has to
go with that I understand I understand that
yes I understand and I hope so let's see I don't want to get my
hopes
up I don't want to get ahead of myself But well I hope so no it's already been
many hours no it's already been
many hours with Fran meo
not making fun of the people precisely
who have been making fun of many of
them from that little group of those that have gotten
together And that all his followers and
all the people who in this case are usually
there have gone directly
to make fun of him don't
[ __ ] with me it's the same it's the same thing
with Fran it's the same back you pray a
convict Ha They don't understand the they don't understand the
analogy
Eh they don't understand the analogy they
square it as they can and he's already convicted
ah ra he returns the coin with what happened to
Frank and they come to give moral lessons
with what comes from laughing and that it is
garbage is what I'm telling you but it's that
these people that's why poor ra what
happened to him eh You have to see the poor ra
that  They put him in there for threatening to
kill the landlord, no, also his name was
watchman, it said his name was
watchman, that was like the best, the
icing on the cake, no, but it's like poor RAE eh
we're looking forward to getting him out too
eh it was it was Unfair, I'm telling you that they are
totally lacking in morals and lacking
in any sense of the word
because that's what they always do, they make fun
of the family and the mother,
straight from the roots, making up
stories And suddenly, Ha, I don't know what, like
your mother, like you killed your
mother because of what Dallas told you or I don't know
what, I don't know how many and 1000 more bites and
then, however, Oh no, eh, don't even get involved with my
family, I haven't messed with
your mother, I've messed with dasas no no no
when you say baby you're talking about my
son And then you're messing
with me, I'm not talking about Uy uy uy uy
uy this, let's see how the [ __ ] I explain this to you,
what he's saying about when you call me
baby you're messing with my son, damn Well,
look what a coincidence  that today I
picked up this chick's tit here that
this chick Arne when are you going to sort me out it's
6 years
buddy it's 6 years girl that then if I
put you in and take you out and such yori quea like the
kido it's 6 years people sending me this
type of twit
eem Javi Oliveira and Dallas are the
last ones who apart from whitewashing
should have to make money from this
suffering I mean whitewash what in
what whitewash Fran Fran The
whole planet is whitewashing it So no
but make money with this
animal suffering I'm not paying Fran's bail
because they won't let me pay it if I didn't pay it I
mean eh And make money with this
animal suffering What are the contents about the
news the events we have made
money with Ewin Arrieta dying we have
made money with gu I mean this this false
morality this nonsense your friend lerl
is not making money when he talks about the subject
because as far as I know he has been
talking about the subject for two live broadcasts no and I don't know
how many extracts no elun pas right now he
is not making money talking about
Fran no  we talk about the subject demonetize
the live streams in which we talk about the
subject I don't know now then we put
her things and the obsession that but this
This is not healthy Really
This is not healthy they give me but apart
Look at the evil eh They are bad people this one
threw a Twitter account at me
inventing that I had uploaded a
private photo of her it makes me so sorry for
people like gref who swallowed their
lies and got her a
donation it makes me so sorry for all those
people who donated to help a person
that we believed they continue selling the story
that the reason for the donation and
what the donation was requested for was
false if francoa were saying
dasas abuser and all day long there is that there is that
dala and all her obsessions should be put in jail these
special people Fran would be the [ __ ] best in the
world and he could load a vro if
he wanted it not to happen Javi There are no
more interesting topics very zzz face sleeping I do
n't know if there are any or not he will know but
the truth is that we are going to look at this and
we are going and we are going that it has been
well  eh Dallas don't tell me Who
's my baby Well that's about the baby
that's true about the baby that's why she was
This chick that was it Although the la the
chick is on tweet she sent me something
like Javi Oliveira protecting her baby
Oh Don't mess with my baby I don't remember
what move she sent me something like that I
took it like she was messing with my
son and she said afterward eh that
's out there in a live stream you
know what it's called What's the [ __ ] live stream called
but now they take
these idiots and they tell them the stories like
new and again the discussion is like new
just like the other day just like that
and you're with this one with these idiots who
appear looking for fame discussing things that are
already exposed that are already I don't
know what else girls chasms from the year 2019
okay I mean trust you what you're getting
out of me a tweet from a chick from the year of the
year of the polka in which I did
take it like I was  talking to
my baby When let's see if I don't remember
the literal t look it up now okay but I did
take it as if she was
mentioning my baby my baby is my baby
the baby I had at that time the
baby I just had no but oh well She
said that when she said my baby she
meant Dallas Well there's her
justification and this Lerdo comes along to
mix it up with Dallas messing with r's
mother when have I supported that
Dallas got on my nerves with RAE's mother I do
n't even know if what
Dallas said about RAE's mother is true or false
but it's that if it were true I wouldn't
think it's right to
tell it you understand me or
rather it's over and they make you
mix it up you're messing with my family
right but really Who are
these people going to teach lessons to can they really
turn on the camera they can have 5000
people in front of them And they will continue to be the
same lying hypocritical and
false people who have been trying to harm
everyone who joins this platform
beating their chests and pointing at
all the gossip channels  that there was not
only the little ones who have been
growing up and so on or telling us hater
sick and sick sick as
[ __ ] and I tell you and I'm going to tell you I
have to tell you something but sick as
[ __ ] but if nothing that we have to
see it on day one for any
criticism that in this case was for
Dallas because this man also has
the medal the job or the obligation to
defend him from every hair directly that
gets
disheveled it is
absurd it is absurd for work
and you do not defend carapelo to miare you
were not saying that it is okay for
Francisco Javier
Oliveira vila alias Javi Oliveira commit crimes
anyway and therefore therefore all the
others had to be silenced by
this person as their job apparently
well that I do not know if it is by contract
But at this point it seems quite
absurd he is 50 years old and look at the
nonsense they say that's it Tell him
yes Javi I'm sure they will
break your balls with the subject of the fool
every Friday that stress Anyway
I hope your reactions to the fool  XD
greetings But why are you messing
with the discussion
now for this me with the
discussion that today they were talking about Fran no And
that no but [ __ ] 5 hours 5 hours And what do they
have to tell me about the
discussion what are they telling me what do they
have to what do I
have to know about what they said
in the discussion well the Wilson who said
egun passes by giving Javi Oliveira beatings
without even breaking a sweat point number one he can't
break a sweat okay and point number two
and those beatings are here with
us that in the end you say that a
person who is dedicated to animals who has
been
treating animals for a long time and who has a
sanctuary there who has had to be
asking for donations and so on you understand
that everything will be in order that everything will be
fine that I even went to the
website that they no longer accept visits
but suddenly I started to look at the
previous times and I found a
small text that I didn't see the last time
that said in the sanctuary all
visits were precisely without entry
without a ticket and so on  like saying what's
going on you don't issue an
invoice I've reached a point
where I've started to doubt everything
[Laughs]
everything as if it were a
zoo they don't give entry it's not
Disneyland or what But you know what happens
then look We have to talk about things
okay but I'll do it right now my
head is for these idiots The
Movida is that just like
this topic is that there have been many
interesting things very interesting that to
explain it well by how she has handled the
issue of Marifer Centeno okay there
when they messed with Marifer Centeno if I
looked for a clip where Marifer Centeno
justified the word [ __ ] And then it
was okay that they called her [ __ ] okay
click I have to put you in context
so that so that you understand it better you will
understand listen to me but this
guy is ulso causes a [ __ ] rejection
and and it's regrettable it's that all the
defenders that these people take are the
same it's that they have no other choice either I
also tell you